c:\users\xeruvim\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MusicArtists\MusicArtists.Data\obj\Debug\MusicArtists.Data.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\xeruvim\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MusicArtists\MusicArtists.Data\bin\Debug\MusicArtists.Data.dll.config
c:\users\xeruvim\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MusicArtists\MusicArtists.Data\bin\Debug\MusicArtists.Data.dll
c:\users\xeruvim\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MusicArtists\MusicArtists.Data\bin\Debug\MusicArtists.Data.pdb
c:\users\xeruvim\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MusicArtists\MusicArtists.Data\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\xeruvim\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MusicArtists\MusicArtists.Data\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\xeruvim\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MusicArtists\MusicArtists.Data\bin\Debug\MusicArtists.Model.dll
c:\users\xeruvim\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MusicArtists\MusicArtists.Data\bin\Debug\MusicArtists.Model.pdb
c:\users\xeruvim\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MusicArtists\MusicArtists.Data\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\xeruvim\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MusicArtists\MusicArtists.Data\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\xeruvim\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MusicArtists\MusicArtists.Data\obj\Debug\MusicArtists.Data.dll
c:\users\xeruvim\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MusicArtists\MusicArtists.Data\obj\Debug\MusicArtists.Data.pdb
D:\MyProjects\Projects\PersonalProjects\ASP.NET\ASP.NET Web API\MusicArtists\MusicArtists.Data\bin\Debug\MusicArtists.Data.dll.config
D:\MyProjects\Projects\PersonalProjects\ASP.NET\ASP.NET Web API\MusicArtists\MusicArtists.Data\bin\Debug\MusicArtists.Data.dll
D:\MyProjects\Projects\PersonalProjects\ASP.NET\ASP.NET Web API\MusicArtists\MusicArtists.Data\bin\Debug\MusicArtists.Data.pdb
D:\MyProjects\Projects\PersonalProjects\ASP.NET\ASP.NET Web API\MusicArtists\MusicArtists.Data\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
D:\MyProjects\Projects\PersonalProjects\ASP.NET\ASP.NET Web API\MusicArtists\MusicArtists.Data\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
D:\MyProjects\Projects\PersonalProjects\ASP.NET\ASP.NET Web API\MusicArtists\MusicArtists.Data\bin\Debug\MusicArtists.Model.dll
D:\MyProjects\Projects\PersonalProjects\ASP.NET\ASP.NET Web API\MusicArtists\MusicArtists.Data\bin\Debug\MusicArtists.Model.pdb
D:\MyProjects\Projects\PersonalProjects\ASP.NET\ASP.NET Web API\MusicArtists\MusicArtists.Data\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
D:\MyProjects\Projects\PersonalProjects\ASP.NET\ASP.NET Web API\MusicArtists\MusicArtists.Data\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
D:\MyProjects\Projects\PersonalProjects\ASP.NET\ASP.NET Web API\MusicArtists\MusicArtists.Data\obj\Debug\MusicArtists.Data.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\MyProjects\Projects\PersonalProjects\ASP.NET\ASP.NET Web API\MusicArtists\MusicArtists.Data\obj\Debug\MusicArtists.Data.dll
D:\MyProjects\Projects\PersonalProjects\ASP.NET\ASP.NET Web API\MusicArtists\MusicArtists.Data\obj\Debug\MusicArtists.Data.pdb
